Hello friends, today in this video let's
completely decode the IICI Lombard Elevate Policy in
simple Telugu.  Let's also see
what the add-ons are from basic coverage, what the
waiting periods are like,
how much discounts are being offered, who is it
suitable for, and what the deal is with the single private AC room,
a 1,00,000 no-climate bonus, and unlimited
registration cover
.
I will explain everything with real-life examples.
Firstly, IICI Lombard is one of the
leading private sector general
insurance companies. Lombard stands for
Fair Facts Financial Holdings
Limited, which is a torrent-based
financial services company.  These
two combined became IIC Lambard.
Of this, IIC's share is 64% and
Lombard's share is 36%.  So what are the
revolutionary features in this Elevate policy
?  The IIC brochure shows Elevate
as a customizable health coverage
.  It has
five points as main highlights.  One is
Infinite Reset, two is Worldwide
Coverage, Infinite Claim Amount,
Infinite Loyalty Bonus, and Infinite
Sum Assured Options. These are the five highlights.  I do
n't understand, let's discuss these in detail further. To
put it simply, it is
not just a base coverage, but a model where you can
upgrade the policy with add-ons based on your usage. Let's
see what are the actual useful items in the base covers and day-to-day hospitalization.  The elevated basic
covers include coverage for inpatient treatment
up to a single private AC room,
Procha says.  There are also day care
procedures, donor expenses,
domiciliary hospitalization, which is very
important, and
core coverages like road ambulance.  Pre-
hospitalization lasts up to 90 days,
while post-hospitalization lasts up to 180 days
.  This is
good in the post-hospitalization period.
This means that there will be tests before admissions,
medications, follow-up tests after discharge, and so on, so
you will have a long window for their costs.   When it
comes to base coverage, we should
talk more about
what the reset benefit is. The reset benefit means
that you can refill your sum insured amount unlimited times through this reset benefit.  This is an
interesting point.  This means that
if you get multiple flames in one year, then the same amount will
automatically be refilled 100%
.  This means that if you are hospitalized two to three times in the same year, they
say it acts as a buffer.
Let's see what is covered in this. Otherwise, let's
explain it with a small example. Let's
assume that the sum insured in your policy is 10 lakhs.  The
first hospitalization claim
was approved for ₹7 lakh at the start of the year.
How much is the remaining balance? 3 lakhs.
In the same year, a second hospitalization bill
came.  Let's say this is a 6 lock.
Now the remaining 3 locks are
insufficient, so the reset will be triggered at this time
.  Because this is not a first claim, it
should not apply to the first claim, it should
also be an inpatient claim.
Here, the insurance company says the
insurer will reset up to ₹10,000
.  But actually, the second
claim is short of 3,000,000,
so the 3 lock amount will be refunded in the reset
.  This means that there is a chance that the second claim 6 locks will
also be fully covered.
Suppose a third claim of ₹4,00,000 is received in the same year, which
could trigger a reset again.  But for the entire year, your
reset amount should not exceed 10 lakhs, up to the annual sum
insured amount.
That is, the amount you take as sum insured should not
exceed that amount. This means that here
you will only get a maximum double benefit,
that is, if you take 10 lakhs, it will be
20 lakhs. Remember this.  It is
also said that it is not covered by the IRASET benefit.
First of all, resetting the first claim doesn't work.
Similarly, there is
no reset for a policy with an unlimited sum insured option.  Moreover, the
reset trigger is not applicable for claims outside India.
Moreover, the
reset does not apply to non-inpatient claims, i.e.
OPD bills, pharma bills, etc. It
does not apply to these. Likewise,
any unused reset cannot be
carried forward to the next year,
i.e. if I did not use it this year, I will
use it next year
. That is not possible.  Now, when it comes to the Yadans,
let's see what this is.  This is something
you should pick based on your profile.  The brochure
clearly states that it is personalization through Yedons
.  The top five dances are
practically very important.   Let
's discuss that.  First came the
worldwide coverage, which means global
hospitalization cover in cashless form, with a sum
ensuring up to 3 crores,
but the waiting period was two
years.  The note also mentioned that it can be optionally reduced to one year, for which an
additional premium will have to be
paid
.  That is, if you
are doing foreign triple gutter frequently,
then India Only Policy i.e. Worldwide
Coverage will give you peace of mind. The
second is Infinite Care, which is very
important. Browser says that you can claim an
infinite claim amount once in a lifetime for a selected claim
without annual sum assured limits
.  This feature is very
good.  That is, let's say for example, something
like a rare high-cost surgery
costs something in the range of ₹40,000 to ₹60,000. The
normal sum that should be included in our health
coverage is ₹10,000,000.  Then we have a
feeling, "Oh, let's see the time. There
is 10 lakhs, this bill is 50 lakhs.
Where will we get the balance amount from?" This
concept helps us to manage
that sum when your life is in such a big financial shock
.  If this is the maximum,
then pick it.  And if something is not covered in this agreement,
you cannot use it a second time in your lifetime.  That means you can use it once in your life
.  If you
don't opt ​​in on time, you won't be able to
add this option again later.  There should be a time
limit for this.  You must opt ​​in within that time,
otherwise you will not be able to opt out of this offer
.  Likewise, once you opt in, you have to
maintain it continuously.  You
can't even remove it.  Please note that this does not
apply to worldwide coverage claims
.  Moreover,
this does not apply to unlimited sum insured policies and it
cannot be used for OPD consultation only claims.
Moreover, after a claim, the
normal sum insured in the same year will become zero. That is, if
you claim 60 locks in one year and then
have a problem in the same year, your sum
insured will become zero.
Remember all this.  The third is Jump
Start, which means
it is for pre-existing diseases, such as asthma,
diabetes, BP, thyroid, etc. The
browser says that coverage for these will start from the 31st day.   This
means that people with diabetes have a normal pre-
existing disease waiting period of
about two to three years
.  Having a jump start
increases the chance of early coverage.  So
this medicine will be a benefit for those with such pre-existing diseases
.  The
fourth is the claim protector, which means it covers commonly non-payable items like gloves,
cotton, syringes, and masks
.  This is nothing new, it's
just consumables.  Suppose the hospital bill for
consumables can easily go from Rs 8,000 to Rs 20,000.
Claim
Protector will reduce your out-of-pocket expenses
.  The fifth section
states that medical expenses such as hospitalization, ICU charges, practitioner fees, and room rent will be covered.  That is, if
there is a short stay in the hospital for observation, the
24-hour rule becomes a problem in such cases
.  This means that there is a
rule that you must undergo a one-day hospitalization as a compulsory measure
.  In this case, the two-hour
hospitalization add-on
helps reduce this gap.   There are
also some other small dances
.  Just pass it once and keep
studying.  I'm not
saying this because I'm not saying that the video
length will continue to increase, so don't think so
.  So,
pass it once and study for about five seconds and then
leave.  Here is a key
information page.   It is
being shown that the entry age is 18 years and the policy will be offered up to 125 years.  Sum insured options
range from ₹5,00,000 to ₹3 crore.  Tenure options range from one year to
five years, with a family floater
limit of two adults and three kids
.  If the parents are still
taking out a policy for the child, they are said to be a
dependent even up to the age of 30
.  And
what are the waiting periods like?  The
initial waiting period on the waiting periods page
is 30 days.  The
waiting period for pre-existing diseases is 36 months,
while for specific diseases, the waiting
period is 24 months, for critical illness, the
waiting period is 90 days, for maternity, the
waiting period is 24 months, for
bariatric, the waiting period is 24 months, and for worldwide
coverage, the waiting period is 24 months
.  This means that if you
expect a maternity claim immediately after taking out the policy, you will be
disappointed.  It should
only be taken after planning a waiting period
.  Also,
what are the discounts and how are they?
On the discounts page, credit score based discount
up to 15%, wellness discount up to 30%,
annual renewal discount 2.5%,
long term discount for 2 to five years, etc. are mentioned
.  On the zone distribution
page, the zone is listed as ABCD cities and
the stamp shows that it is a no base scope payment
.  This means that the positioning that the base scope is
not mandatory is
clear to us here.
Finally, let's see
my opinion on who should take the IICI Lambard Elephant
.  You should have high health insurance
coverage options.
You have the risk of multiple clients.  This plan is strong if you want worldwide
coverage or
add-ons like pre-existing diseases early coverage
and want to optimize premium discounts
.  If not, here you
must compulsorily check the three ratios.  Let's see what that is.  First, the
solvency ratio.  This
shows how much financial strength the company has to pay claims.  IICI Lumber Solvency
2.46 2.51 2.62 means the company's capital
strength is growing very strongly.
Simply put, there is
no fear that the company will not be able to pay claims.  The
second ratio is the claims incurred
ratio, which tells you what percentage of claims the company pays out for every ₹1 it takes in
.  It is 77
78 82%.  This is a healthy range.
Because it is also known that the company pays claims
.  At the same time, it's
not extremely high, so the premium
pressure doesn't feel too much.  Simply
put, the claims experience is
balanced.  Finally, the claim
settlement ratio is very
important, and in this IICI Lombard
Health claim, the
data shows that the claim settlement ratio is around 85%.   This
means that if a company receives 100 claims, it will likely
settle only 85
.  It's not that it's bad, but it's
also not that it's very good.
If the CSR is 95% plus,
I would happily and strongly recommend this policy. However,
I do not recommend this policy to you because of this ratio
.  If you
want a policy with a 95% plus claim settlement ratio,
check out this video.  If
you like this video, please like it for the IIC Lambat Elevate Policy
.  Also,
subscribe to our channel now for more videos like this.
Thanks for watching.